
# create all pdf files for exercises
# latex each file twice so labels come out correct


latex chap1exercises
latex chap1exercises
dvi2pdf chap1exercises

latex chap2exercises
latex chap2exercises
dvi2pdf chap2exercises

latex chap3exercises
latex chap3exercises
dvi2pdf chap3exercises

latex chap4exercises
latex chap4exercises
dvi2pdf chap4exercises

latex chap5exercises
latex chap5exercises
dvi2pdf chap5exercises

latex chap6exercises
latex chap6exercises
dvi2pdf chap6exercises

latex chap7exercises
latex chap7exercises
dvi2pdf chap7exercises

latex chap8exercises
latex chap8exercises
dvi2pdf chap8exercises

latex chap9exercises
latex chap9exercises
dvi2pdf chap9exercises

latex chap10exercises
latex chap10exercises
dvi2pdf chap10exercises

latex chap11exercises
latex chap11exercises
dvi2pdf chap11exercises

latex allexercises
latex allexercises
dvi2pdf allexercises

rm *.aux *.log *.dvi

